Getting started
================

<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

This project is about showing and introducing the features of nbdev2.

## Environment setup

In order to use and develop this project, some preparations have to be
made. These include, above all, the installation of Poetry and the
creation of a virtual Python environment.

### Create a virtual environment

You can create a virtual environment in several ways. The following
describes the creation via Anaconda (Miniconda) and Python virtualenv.

#### Anaconda / Miniconda

The following command creates a conda environment in the default venv
directory. The Python version used is 3.9 and corresponds to the
following

``` bash
conda create -n <your_env_name> python=3.9
```

#### Python virtual env

First you have to make sure that the Python package virtualenv is
installed. If this is not the case, it can be installed as follows.

``` bash
pip install virtualenv
```

This package is now used to create a viral environment.

``` bash
 python3 -m virtualenv -p=<your_python_path> <your_evn_path>
```

The last part of `your_env_path` specifies the name of the virtual
environment
(e.g. `python3 -m virtualenv -p=/usr/bin/python3.9 ~/venvs/nbdev2example`).

### Install Poetry

Poetry is used as dependency manager for the external Python libraries.
The following commands show how to install Poetry (recommended).
Alternative installation methods are listed on the [Poetry
website](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation).

#### osx / linux

``` bash
curl -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/python-poetry/poetry/master/get-poetry.py | python -
```

To use Poetry please reload / reopen your terminal.

#### windows

``` bash
(Invoke-WebRequest -Uri https://raw.githubusercontent.com/python-poetry/poetry/master/get-poetry.py -UseBasicParsing).Content | python -
```

To use Poetry please reload / reopen your terminal.

### Install dependencies

After a virtual environment has been created and Poetry has been
installed, the external Python libraries can be installed. To do this,
the created virtual environment must first be activated. For this
purpose, the following commands are needed.

#### Anaconda/Miniconda

``` bash
conda activate <your_env_name>
```

#### Python virtual env

``` bash
source <path_to_yout_env>/bin/activate
```

#### Install dependencies with Poetry

After the correct virtual environment has been selected, the required
Python libraries can be installed.

``` bash
poetry install
```
